Add command reference for CURL also fix headings across the file (#10726)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _migration-assistant/migration-console/migration-console-commands-references.md

```
{% include copy.html %}

### Execute HTTP requests against clusters

> Run OpenSearch/Elasticsearch APIs directly against the configured source or target cluster using a `curl`-like interface. Authentication, TLS, and endpoints are taken from your console configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run OpenSearch or Elasticsearch APIs directly against the configured source or target cluster, use a `curl`-like interface. Authentication, TLS, and endpoints are obtained from your console configuration.
```

```sh
console clusters curl <source_cluster|target_cluster> <path> [OPTIONS]
```
{% include copy.html %}

#### Arguments

> * `<source_cluster|target_cluster>` — Which cluster to call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<source_cluster|target_cluster>` — Specify `source_cluster` or `target_cluster` to call.
```

> * `<path>` — The API path to call on the cluster (e.g., `/_cat/indices`, `/my-index/_search`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<path>` — The API endpoint to call on the cluster (for example, `/_cat/indices` or `/my-index/_search`).
```

#### Options

* `--json <JSON_DATA>` — Send a JSON body and automatically set `Content-Type: application/json`.

> * `-X, --request <METHOD>` — HTTP method (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, HEAD). Default: GET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `-X, --request <METHOD>` — The HTTP method (`GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, or `HEAD`). Default is `GET`.
```

> * `-H, --header <HEADER>` — Custom header (repeatable). Example: `-H 'Accept: application/json'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `-H, --header <HEADER>` — A custom header, for example, `-H 'Accept: application/json'`. You can specify multiple headers, for example, `-H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer TOKEN'`.
```

> * `-d, --data <DATA>` — Raw request body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `-d, --data <DATA>` — The raw request body.
```

#### Examples

> *Get cluster health:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Get cluster health*:
```

```sh
console clusters curl source_cluster /_cluster/health
```
{% include copy.html %}

> *List indices as JSON:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*List indexes as JSON*:
```

```sh
console clusters curl source_cluster "/_cat/indices?format=json&v=true"
```
{% include copy.html %}

> *Create an index:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Create an index*:
```

```sh
console clusters curl target_cluster /my-new-index --json '{"settings":{"number_of_shards":3,"number_of_replicas":1}}'
```
{% include copy.html %}

> *Search with a body:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Run a query containing a body*:
```
